The ugly girl surnamed Su pedals three boats
Drainage star cheated
I heard you're an old man's slut
This time, let our brother be deceived by you
Immediately send someone to remove the hot search
All rumors
Those who transferred offenders were sent green letters by them
Yes, you are Su Mingcheng's fans, that's right.
But this matter has nothing to do with our family name brother
We simply don't like your face.
To win
Don't even think about using this to pay back our brother.
Do you know who I am?
It's just being a father
Hello third brother and sister
We're hot
Don't worry, I'll fix this right away.
It's too late.
Your fans are joining to investigate the vegetable industry
Fortunately, there is a big brother
I'm sorry, sister.
I take them to apologize to you.
This is the sound of the early morning
I listen to Ge Ge's broadcast every night and go to bed
This is the sound of his voice.
Sorry, I didn't know you were your sister.
I'm sorry, please don't tell Ming Chen.
I know the leader of the backyard regiment
You told me he'd be angry. Help him up.
So do you forgive us? To be honest
What about your mistake? It's not a big deal.
It's hard to say forgive
It's just me.
Always small-minded
So I returned it the same way